FireWithin/1Chronicles.md, before:

# 1 Chronicles

Like the books of Samuel and Kings, 1 and 2 Chronicles was also
written as a single book in the Hebrew Bible. But many modern readers
skip reading it when they find that it repeats much of the material
from the previous books. So is Chronicles necessary to read? YES!
... keep reading!

Chronicles is the last Book in the Hebrew Bible as it summarizes the
continued relationship between God and Israel through the blessing of
Abraham. The arrangement of Chronicles invites the reader to explore
the stories of each section that reveal interesting details about
David, Solomon, God's temple, the kings of Judah, and how they all
work together. Chronicles is also an excellent historical reference
for those studying specific facts in the Scriptures.


### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2015 1 Chronicles Series (Sundays)](#2015-1-chronicles-series-sundays)
- [2025 1 Chronicles Series (Mid Week)](#2025-1-chronicles-series-mid-week)
- [1 Chronicles Misc Selection](#1-chronicles-misc-selection)


## Overview

**{{book.NivBible}} 1 Chronicles Introduction**

> In the fifth century BC, many Judeans were returning from exile to the
> southern part of the land of Israel. They faced great difficulties:
> their capital city and temple had been destroyed, foreigners had moved
> in, and they were no longer ruled by their own king. But the books of
> Chronicles, Ezra and Nehemiah insist that God’s people can still
> fulfill his purpose. They must form a unique society centered on the
> worship of God in a rebuilt temple in Jerusalem. (These books are
> really one long book, telling a continuous story; one can see, for
> example, how the end of 2 Chronicles overlaps with the beginning of
> Ezra.)
> 
> The book presents a sweeping chronicle of Israel’s history, beginning
> with a long genealogy or ancestor list. Going all the way back to
> Adam, it situates the people of Israel among the nations and reminds
> them of their calling. Special attention is given to Judah, ancestor
> of the royal line of David, and to Levi, ancestor of the priests and
> temple attendants.
> 
> The second main part describes the kings who ruled in Jerusalem down
> to the time of the exile. David receives more attention than others,
> but many details of his life told elsewhere are left out. The focus is
> on his military campaigns and his elaborate plans for the temple in
> Jerusalem. The reason is clear when we see that David was not
> permitted to build the temple because he was a warrior. God wanted a
> man of peace to build the place where all nations would come to
> pray. The honor therefore fell to David’s son Solomon. More space is
> devoted to him than to any king besides David, describing his
> construction of the temple and the splendors of his reign.
> 
> The final part of the book relates the experiences of the returned
> exiles. The memoirs of Ezra and Nehemiah, leaders of the second
> generation of returned Judeans, are incorporated into the
> history. These leaders helped create a distinct community by
> forbidding intermarriage with the surrounding peoples, and they
> directed the rebuilding of Jerusalem’s walls. Included here is a
> description of a great covenant renewal ceremony led by Ezra and
> Nehemiah.
> 
> An important theme of the entire history—which can appropriately be
> called a temple history—is that pure worship is offered on God’s
> terms, not ours. God has chosen Israel to welcome the nations into
> true worship. Through all the ups and downs of history he is working
> to bring this purpose to fulfillment.


**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [1 Chronicles Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/chronicles/)
M{ zoomableImg(`12Chronicles_BP`) }M

M{ youTube(`HR7xaHv3Ias`) }M

**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

> _As of 12/2023 Spoken Gospel has no Chronicles introduction_



## 2015 1 Chronicles Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20150823`, sermon: `Belonging`,              scripture: `1ch.1@@1 Chronicles 1-12`,   },
    { id: `20150830`, sermon: `Doing Things God's Way`, scripture: `1ch.13@@1 Chronicles 13-15`, },
    { id: `20150906`, sermon: `Ownership`,              scripture: `1ch.16@@1 Chronicles 16-29`, },
  ]
}) }M



## 2025 1 Chronicles Series (Mid Week)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20251029`, sermon: `Where Did We Come From?`,           scripture: `1ch.1@@1 Chronicles 1-2`,   },
    { id: `20251112`, sermon: `The Truth about Generational Sin`,  scripture: `1ch.2@@1 Chronicles 2-6.`,  },
  ]
}) }M


## 1 Chronicles Misc Selection

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20220717`, sermon: `What are you counting? (Tony Perkins)`, scripture: `1ch.21@@1 Chronicles 21`, },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

update Current Sermon Series (up to 11/29/2025)

FireWithin/1Chronicles.md, after:

# 1 Chronicles

Like the books of Samuel and Kings, 1 and 2 Chronicles was also
written as a single book in the Hebrew Bible. But many modern readers
skip reading it when they find that it repeats much of the material
from the previous books. So is Chronicles necessary to read? YES!
... keep reading!

Chronicles is the last Book in the Hebrew Bible as it summarizes the
continued relationship between God and Israel through the blessing of
Abraham. The arrangement of Chronicles invites the reader to explore
the stories of each section that reveal interesting details about
David, Solomon, God's temple, the kings of Judah, and how they all
work together. Chronicles is also an excellent historical reference
for those studying specific facts in the Scriptures.


### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2015 1 Chronicles Series (Sundays)](#2015-1-chronicles-series-sundays)
- [2025 1 Chronicles Series (Mid Week)](#2025-1-chronicles-series-mid-week)
- [1 Chronicles Misc Selection](#1-chronicles-misc-selection)


## Overview

**{{book.NivBible}} 1 Chronicles Introduction**

> In the fifth century BC, many Judeans were returning from exile to the
> southern part of the land of Israel. They faced great difficulties:
> their capital city and temple had been destroyed, foreigners had moved
> in, and they were no longer ruled by their own king. But the books of
> Chronicles, Ezra and Nehemiah insist that God’s people can still
> fulfill his purpose. They must form a unique society centered on the
> worship of God in a rebuilt temple in Jerusalem. (These books are
> really one long book, telling a continuous story; one can see, for
> example, how the end of 2 Chronicles overlaps with the beginning of
> Ezra.)
> 
> The book presents a sweeping chronicle of Israel’s history, beginning
> with a long genealogy or ancestor list. Going all the way back to
> Adam, it situates the people of Israel among the nations and reminds
> them of their calling. Special attention is given to Judah, ancestor
> of the royal line of David, and to Levi, ancestor of the priests and
> temple attendants.
> 
> The second main part describes the kings who ruled in Jerusalem down
> to the time of the exile. David receives more attention than others,
> but many details of his life told elsewhere are left out. The focus is
> on his military campaigns and his elaborate plans for the temple in
> Jerusalem. The reason is clear when we see that David was not
> permitted to build the temple because he was a warrior. God wanted a
> man of peace to build the place where all nations would come to
> pray. The honor therefore fell to David’s son Solomon. More space is
> devoted to him than to any king besides David, describing his
> construction of the temple and the splendors of his reign.
> 
> The final part of the book relates the experiences of the returned
> exiles. The memoirs of Ezra and Nehemiah, leaders of the second
> generation of returned Judeans, are incorporated into the
> history. These leaders helped create a distinct community by
> forbidding intermarriage with the surrounding peoples, and they
> directed the rebuilding of Jerusalem’s walls. Included here is a
> description of a great covenant renewal ceremony led by Ezra and
> Nehemiah.
> 
> An important theme of the entire history—which can appropriately be
> called a temple history—is that pure worship is offered on God’s
> terms, not ours. God has chosen Israel to welcome the nations into
> true worship. Through all the ups and downs of history he is working
> to bring this purpose to fulfillment.


**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [1 Chronicles Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/chronicles/)
M{ zoomableImg(`12Chronicles_BP`) }M

M{ youTube(`HR7xaHv3Ias`) }M

**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

> _As of 12/2023 Spoken Gospel has no Chronicles introduction_



## 2015 1 Chronicles Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20150823`, sermon: `Belonging`,              scripture: `1ch.1@@1 Chronicles 1-12`,   },
    { id: `20150830`, sermon: `Doing Things God's Way`, scripture: `1ch.13@@1 Chronicles 13-15`, },
    { id: `20150906`, sermon: `Ownership`,              scripture: `1ch.16@@1 Chronicles 16-29`, },
  ]
}) }M



## 2025 1 Chronicles Series (Mid Week)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20251029`, sermon: `Where Did We Come From?`,           scripture: `1ch.1@@1 Chronicles 1-2`,   },
    { id: `20251112`, sermon: `The Truth about Generational Sin`,  scripture: `1ch.2@@1 Chronicles 2-6.`,  },
    { id: `20251119`, sermon: `From Exile to Inheritance`,         scripture: `1ch.6@@1 Chronicles 6-9`,   },
  ]
}) }M


## 1 Chronicles Misc Selection

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20220717`, sermon: `What are you counting? (Tony Perkins)`, scripture: `1ch.21@@1 Chronicles 21`, },
  ]
}) }M
