FireWithin/2Corinthians.md, before:

# 2 Corinthians

Paul’s message to the Corinthians encourages them to live in a new
way, embracing the cruciform life of Jesus. Through the cross and
resurrection, Jesus’ followers can live differently and model
generosity, humility, and weakness. 2 Cornithians is a letter about
living in a totally counter-cultural way as we seek to live like Jesus
did.

2 Corinthians shows how God's strength is made perfect in
weakness. This is seen most clearly in Paul's dealings with the
so-called "Super Apostles" that had taken over leadership of the
church he planted in Corinth. The Super Apostles boasted in their
abilities, connections, and power. But Paul showed that, for those in
Christ, true power comes in weakness.


### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2009-2010 2 Corinthians Series (Sundays)](#2009-2010-2-corinthians-series-sundays)
- [2017 2 Corinthians Series (Mid Week)](#2017-2-corinthians-series-mid-week)
- [2025 2 Corinthians Series (Sundays)](#2025-2-corinthians-series-sundays)


## Overview

**{{book.NivBible}} 2 Corinthians Introduction**

> Paul’s first letter to the believers in Corinth gives us a glimpse
> into his deeply personal and tumultuous relationship with this
> gathering of Jesus-followers. The letter we know as 2 Corinthians
> further reveals the triumphs and struggles that result when life in
> the present age meets up with the in-breaking reality of God’s
> kingdom. Here we see Paul working to repair relationships, explain
> various changes in travel plans, make practical arrangements for
> collecting a gift for the struggling believers in Jerusalem, and
> directly confront challenges to his own leadership by the
> self-proclaimed “super-apostles.”
> 
> In the four main parts of the letter, each introduced by a reference
> to a place, Paul envisions himself in different locations, recalling
> or anticipating his relationship with the Corinthians. The single
> theme running through these sections is that God will comfort us in
> all our troubles, and we will offer this comfort to each other. This
> models the life of Jesus himself, who suffered first and then was
> comforted. Like the crucified Messiah, we are weak, yet we live in
> God’s power.
> 
> In the final section, however, Paul feels he has no choice but to make
> the Corinthians uncomfortable, to help them face their present
> condition. But he ends the letter hopefully, calling on them to
> rejoice in God’s grace, love and fellowship.


**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [2 Corinthians Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/2-corinthians/)
M{ zoomableImg(`2Corinthians_BP`) }M
M{ youTube(`3lfPK2vfC54`) }M


**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

M{ youTube(`nmdsoTt_gv0`) }M


## 2009-2010 2 Corinthians Series (Sundays)

**Note:** _As of 2025, <mark>this series has been archived</mark>
(i.e. is no longer available ), **however** the Study Guides are still
available._

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20091206`, sermon: `What Suffering Produces`,   scripture: `2co.1@@2 Cor 1-2`,    },
    { id: `20091213`, sermon: `We Were Made for Eternity`, scripture: `2co.3@@2 Cor 3-5`,    },
    { id: `20100103`, sermon: `It's No Yoke`,              scripture: `2co.6@@2 Cor 6-7`,    },
    { id: `20100110`, sermon: `The Grace of Giving`,       scripture: `2co.8@@2 Cor 8-10`,   },
    { id: `20100124`, sermon: `Paradox Principles`,        scripture: `2co.11@@2 Cor 11-13`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2017 2 Corinthians Series (Mid Week)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20170405`, scripture: `2co.1@@2 Cor 1:1-11`,       },
    { id: `20170419`, scripture: `2co.1@@2 Cor 1:12-2:17`,    },
    { id: `20170426`, scripture: `2co.3@@2 Cor 3-4`,          },
    { id: `20170503`, scripture: `2co.5@@2 Cor 5:1-21`,       },
    { id: `20170510`, scripture: `2co.6@@2 Cor 6`,            },
    { id: `20170517`, scripture: `2co.7@@2 Cor 7:1-8:15`,     },
    { id: `20170531`, scripture: `2co.8@@2 Cor 8:16-10:5`,    },
    { id: `20170607`, scripture: `2co.10@@2 Cor 10:7-11:15`,  },
    { id: `20170614`, scripture: `2co.11@@2 Cor 11:16-13:14`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2025 2 Corinthians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20250105`, sermon: `Suffering Well`,                  scripture: `2co.1@@2 Cor 1`,       },
    { id: `20250112`, sermon: `Spreading the Fragrance`,         scripture: `2co.2@@2 Cor 2`,       },
    { id: `20250126`, sermon: `Step into the Light`,             scripture: `2co.4@@2 Cor 4`,       },
    { id: `20250202`, sermon: `Trading Up: Earth to Heaven`,     scripture: `2co.4@@2 Cor 4:7-5:8`, },
    { id: `20250216`, sermon: `Judgment is Coming`,              scripture: `2co.5@@2 Cor 5:9–11`,  },
    { id: `20250302`, sermon: `Reconciliation`,                  scripture: `2co.5@@2 Corinthians 5:17-21`, },
    { id: `20250309`, sermon: `Don’t Disgrace God’s Grace`,      scripture: `2co.6@@2 Corinthians 6:1`,     },
    { id: `20250323`, sermon: `The Yoke’s on You`,               scripture: `2co.6@@2 Corinthians 6:14-18`, },
    { id: `20250330`, sermon: `Outside Conflicts, Inside Fears`, scripture: `2co.7@@2 Corinthians 7`,       },
    { id: `20250511`, sermon: `Generous Giving`,                 scripture: `2co.8@@2 Corinthians 8-9`,     },
    { id: `20250518`, sermon: `Weapons of our Warfare`,          scripture: `2co.10@@2 Corinthians 10`,     },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

update Current Sermon Series (up to 06/22/2025)

FireWithin/2Corinthians.md, after:

# 2 Corinthians

Paul’s message to the Corinthians encourages them to live in a new
way, embracing the cruciform life of Jesus. Through the cross and
resurrection, Jesus’ followers can live differently and model
generosity, humility, and weakness. 2 Cornithians is a letter about
living in a totally counter-cultural way as we seek to live like Jesus
did.

2 Corinthians shows how God's strength is made perfect in
weakness. This is seen most clearly in Paul's dealings with the
so-called "Super Apostles" that had taken over leadership of the
church he planted in Corinth. The Super Apostles boasted in their
abilities, connections, and power. But Paul showed that, for those in
Christ, true power comes in weakness.


### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2009-2010 2 Corinthians Series (Sundays)](#2009-2010-2-corinthians-series-sundays)
- [2017 2 Corinthians Series (Mid Week)](#2017-2-corinthians-series-mid-week)
- [2025 2 Corinthians Series (Sundays)](#2025-2-corinthians-series-sundays)


## Overview

**{{book.NivBible}} 2 Corinthians Introduction**

> Paul’s first letter to the believers in Corinth gives us a glimpse
> into his deeply personal and tumultuous relationship with this
> gathering of Jesus-followers. The letter we know as 2 Corinthians
> further reveals the triumphs and struggles that result when life in
> the present age meets up with the in-breaking reality of God’s
> kingdom. Here we see Paul working to repair relationships, explain
> various changes in travel plans, make practical arrangements for
> collecting a gift for the struggling believers in Jerusalem, and
> directly confront challenges to his own leadership by the
> self-proclaimed “super-apostles.”
> 
> In the four main parts of the letter, each introduced by a reference
> to a place, Paul envisions himself in different locations, recalling
> or anticipating his relationship with the Corinthians. The single
> theme running through these sections is that God will comfort us in
> all our troubles, and we will offer this comfort to each other. This
> models the life of Jesus himself, who suffered first and then was
> comforted. Like the crucified Messiah, we are weak, yet we live in
> God’s power.
> 
> In the final section, however, Paul feels he has no choice but to make
> the Corinthians uncomfortable, to help them face their present
> condition. But he ends the letter hopefully, calling on them to
> rejoice in God’s grace, love and fellowship.


**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [2 Corinthians Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/2-corinthians/)
M{ zoomableImg(`2Corinthians_BP`) }M
M{ youTube(`3lfPK2vfC54`) }M


**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

M{ youTube(`nmdsoTt_gv0`) }M


## 2009-2010 2 Corinthians Series (Sundays)

**Note:** _As of 2025, <mark>this series has been archived</mark>
(i.e. is no longer available ), **however** the Study Guides are still
available._

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20091206`, sermon: `What Suffering Produces`,   scripture: `2co.1@@2 Cor 1-2`,    },
    { id: `20091213`, sermon: `We Were Made for Eternity`, scripture: `2co.3@@2 Cor 3-5`,    },
    { id: `20100103`, sermon: `It's No Yoke`,              scripture: `2co.6@@2 Cor 6-7`,    },
    { id: `20100110`, sermon: `The Grace of Giving`,       scripture: `2co.8@@2 Cor 8-10`,   },
    { id: `20100124`, sermon: `Paradox Principles`,        scripture: `2co.11@@2 Cor 11-13`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2017 2 Corinthians Series (Mid Week)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20170405`, scripture: `2co.1@@2 Cor 1:1-11`,       },
    { id: `20170419`, scripture: `2co.1@@2 Cor 1:12-2:17`,    },
    { id: `20170426`, scripture: `2co.3@@2 Cor 3-4`,          },
    { id: `20170503`, scripture: `2co.5@@2 Cor 5:1-21`,       },
    { id: `20170510`, scripture: `2co.6@@2 Cor 6`,            },
    { id: `20170517`, scripture: `2co.7@@2 Cor 7:1-8:15`,     },
    { id: `20170531`, scripture: `2co.8@@2 Cor 8:16-10:5`,    },
    { id: `20170607`, scripture: `2co.10@@2 Cor 10:7-11:15`,  },
    { id: `20170614`, scripture: `2co.11@@2 Cor 11:16-13:14`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2025 2 Corinthians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20250105`, sermon: `Suffering Well`,                  scripture: `2co.1@@2 Cor 1`,       },
    { id: `20250112`, sermon: `Spreading the Fragrance`,         scripture: `2co.2@@2 Cor 2`,       },
    { id: `20250126`, sermon: `Step into the Light`,             scripture: `2co.4@@2 Cor 4`,       },
    { id: `20250202`, sermon: `Trading Up: Earth to Heaven`,     scripture: `2co.4@@2 Cor 4:7-5:8`, },
    { id: `20250216`, sermon: `Judgment is Coming`,              scripture: `2co.5@@2 Cor 5:9–11`,  },
    { id: `20250302`, sermon: `Reconciliation`,                  scripture: `2co.5@@2 Corinthians 5:17-21`, },
    { id: `20250309`, sermon: `Don’t Disgrace God’s Grace`,      scripture: `2co.6@@2 Corinthians 6:1`,     },
    { id: `20250323`, sermon: `The Yoke’s on You`,               scripture: `2co.6@@2 Corinthians 6:14-18`, },
    { id: `20250330`, sermon: `Outside Conflicts, Inside Fears`, scripture: `2co.7@@2 Corinthians 7`,       },
    { id: `20250511`, sermon: `Generous Giving`,                 scripture: `2co.8@@2 Corinthians 8-9`,     },
    { id: `20250518`, sermon: `Weapons of our Warfare`,          scripture: `2co.10@@2 Corinthians 10`,     },
    { id: `20250525`, sermon: `Who is the True Jesus?`,          scripture: `2co.11@@2 Corinthians 11`,     },
  ]
}) }M
