FireWithin/Christmas.md, before:

## Christmas Series

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `19651209`, sermon: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FL6_lPd7kkY@@A Charlie Brown Christmas`, scripture: `luk.2.8-14@@Luke 2:8-14`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Charlie_Brown_Christmas@@History`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20081221`, sermon: `Taking the Right Approach to Christmas`, scripture: `luk.1@@Luke 1-2`,          studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20091224`, sermon: `Midweek Bible Study - Christmas Eve`,                                           studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20101219`, sermon: `REMEMBER the Christmas Meaning`,         scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:1-20`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20101224`, sermon: `REMEMBER the Christmas Message`,                                                studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20101226`, sermon: `REMEMBER the Christmas Messiah`,         scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1-2`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20111224`, sermon: `The Christmas Gift`,                     scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1:18-25`,   studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20121224`, sermon: `When God Entered our World`,             scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1:18-2:12`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20131224`, sermon: `The BIG STORY of Christmas`,             scripture: `isa.9@@Isaiah 9:6-7`,      studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20141207`, sermon: `A Mary Christmas`,                       scripture: `luk.1@@Luke 1`,            studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20141214`, sermon: `An Angelic Christmas`,                   scripture: `luk.1@@Luke 1`,            studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20141221`, sermon: `A Holy Land Christmas`,                                                         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20141224`, sermon: `Joy to the World`,                                                              studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20151220`, sermon: `The Real Meaning of Hanukkah`,           scripture: `jhn.10@@John 10:22-23`,                        },
    { id: `20151224`, sermon: `Christmas Peace`,                        scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:14`,         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20161224`, sermon: `Shining the Light to Jesus`,                                                    studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20161225`, sermon: `A Christmas Message from Nazareth`,                                             studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20171224`, sermon: `How To Not "Miss" Christmas`,            scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:1-14`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20181209`, sermon: `The Road to Christmas – The Virgin`,     scripture: `isa.7@@Isaiah 7`,          studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20181216`, sermon: `The Road to Christmas – the Prophets`,   scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1-2`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20181223`, sermon: `A Stable Heart`,                         scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2`,            studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20191224`, sermon: `God's Gift to the World`,                scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1##luk.2@@CR:Luke 2`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201213`, sermon: `Season of Peace`,                        scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:8-17`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201220`, sermon: `Season of Joy`,                          scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:8-11`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201224`, sermon: `Season of Hope`,                         scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1`,         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20211219`, sermon: `Prophecies about the First Christmas`,   scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1-2`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20211224`, sermon: `The Baby Who Changed the World`,         scripture: `mat.2@@Matthew 2`,         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20221211`, sermon: `Lessons From A Teenager`,                scripture: `luk.1@@Luke 1`,                                },
    { id: `20221224`, sermon: `A Census, An Angel, and a Star`,                                                studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20221225`, sermon: `God’s Gift to the World`,                scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1`,         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231224`, sermon: `No Greater Gift`,                        scripture: `isa.9.6-7@@Isaiah 9:6-7`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

Update Current Sermon Series (for 12/2024)

FireWithin/Christmas.md, after:

## Christmas Series

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `19651209`, sermon: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FL6_lPd7kkY@@A Charlie Brown Christmas`, scripture: `luk.2.8-14@@Luke 2:8-14`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Charlie_Brown_Christmas@@History`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20081221`, sermon: `Taking the Right Approach to Christmas`, scripture: `luk.1@@Luke 1-2`,          studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20091224`, sermon: `Midweek Bible Study - Christmas Eve`,                                           studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20101219`, sermon: `REMEMBER the Christmas Meaning`,         scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:1-20`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20101224`, sermon: `REMEMBER the Christmas Message`,                                                studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20101226`, sermon: `REMEMBER the Christmas Messiah`,         scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1-2`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20111224`, sermon: `The Christmas Gift`,                     scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1:18-25`,   studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20121224`, sermon: `When God Entered our World`,             scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1:18-2:12`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20131224`, sermon: `The BIG STORY of Christmas`,             scripture: `isa.9@@Isaiah 9:6-7`,      studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20141207`, sermon: `A Mary Christmas`,                       scripture: `luk.1@@Luke 1`,            studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20141214`, sermon: `An Angelic Christmas`,                   scripture: `luk.1@@Luke 1`,            studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20141221`, sermon: `A Holy Land Christmas`,                                                         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20141224`, sermon: `Joy to the World`,                                                              studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20151220`, sermon: `The Real Meaning of Hanukkah`,           scripture: `jhn.10@@John 10:22-23`,                        },
    { id: `20151224`, sermon: `Christmas Peace`,                        scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:14`,         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20161224`, sermon: `Shining the Light to Jesus`,                                                    studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20161225`, sermon: `A Christmas Message from Nazareth`,                                             studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20171224`, sermon: `How To Not "Miss" Christmas`,            scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:1-14`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20181209`, sermon: `The Road to Christmas – The Virgin`,     scripture: `isa.7@@Isaiah 7`,          studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20181216`, sermon: `The Road to Christmas – the Prophets`,   scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1-2`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20181223`, sermon: `A Stable Heart`,                         scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2`,            studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20191224`, sermon: `God's Gift to the World`,                scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1##luk.2@@CR:Luke 2`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201213`, sermon: `Season of Peace`,                        scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:8-17`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201220`, sermon: `Season of Joy`,                          scripture: `luk.2@@Luke 2:8-11`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201224`, sermon: `Season of Hope`,                         scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1`,         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20211219`, sermon: `Prophecies about the First Christmas`,   scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1-2`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20211224`, sermon: `The Baby Who Changed the World`,         scripture: `mat.2@@Matthew 2`,         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20221211`, sermon: `Lessons From A Teenager`,                scripture: `luk.1@@Luke 1`,                                },
    { id: `20221224`, sermon: `A Census, An Angel, and a Star`,                                                studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20221225`, sermon: `God’s Gift to the World`,                scripture: `mat.1@@Matthew 1`,         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231224`, sermon: `No Greater Gift`,                        scripture: `isa.9.6-7@@Isaiah 9:6-7`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20241224`, sermon: `in-the-fullness-of-time@@In the Fullness of Time`, scripture: `luk.2.1-14@@Luke 2:1-14`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, },
  ]
}) }M
