FireWithin/CurrentEvents.md, before:

# Current Events

### At a Glance

- [Life](#life)
- [Marriage & Divorce](#marriage--divorce)
- [Election Day Sermons](#election-day-sermons)
- [LGBTQ](#lgbtq)
- [Moral Decay](#moral-decay)

## Life

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20190120`, sermon: `Sanctity of Human Life`,   scripture: `jer.18@@Jeremiah 18-19 `, },
    { id: `20210117`, sermon: `For the Love of Children`, scripture: `mat.18@@Matthew 18-19`,   },
    { id: `20220123`, sermon: `The Value of Life`,        scripture: `psa.103@@Psalm 103:2-4`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20221113`, sermon: `LIFE Principles`,                                                studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://RadianceFoundation.org/@@Ryan Bomberger`, },
  ]
}) }M


## Marriage & Divorce

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20091025`, sermon: `Singleness, Marriage, Sex, and Divorce`,  scripture: `1co.7@@1 Corinthians 7`,       },
    { id: `20200830`, sermon: `Jesus on Divorce`,                        scripture: `mat.5.31-32@@Matthew 5:31-32`, },
    { id: `20230122`, sermon: `The God of Restoration`,                  scripture: `jhn.21@@John 21`,              },
    { id: `20230507`, sermon: `the-unashamed-life@@The Unashamed Life`,  scripture: `rom.1.16-17@@Romans 1:16-17`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://alandlisarobertson.com/our-story@@Al Robertson`, },
    { id: `20241110`, sermon: `God's View of Singleness & Marriage`,     scripture: `1co.7@@1 Corinthians 7`,       },
    { id: `20241117`, sermon: `God's View of Divorce`,                   scripture: `1co.7@@1 Corinthians 7`,       },
  ]
}) }M


## Election Day Sermons

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20121104`, sermon: `Election Day Sermon 2012`,                                                                                       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20140622`, sermon: `Making of a King, Journey of a Christian`,                             scripture: `1sa.8@@1 Samuel 8-11`,                            },
    { id: `20161016`, sermon: `Election Day Sermon 2016`,                                             scripture: `psa.33@@Psalm 33`,            studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201018`, sermon: `Election Day Sermon 2020 (Church in America, Wake Up!)`,               scripture: `jer.6@@Jeremiah 6:16-19`,     studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201028`, sermon: `Night of Prayer for the Elections`,                                                                              studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201101`, sermon: `Calm in the Storm: An Election Day Addendum`,                          scripture: `mat.8@@Matthew 8:23-27`,                          },
    { id: `20201108`, sermon: `Sent Out Among Wolves: A Post-Election Reminder`,                      scripture: `mat.10@@Matthew 10`,                              },

    { id: `20240908`, sermon: `Election Day Sermon 2024 (Church, Unite for the Soul of America!)`,    scripture: `ezk.33.1-5@@Ezekiel 33:1-5`,                      },
    { id: `20240911`, sermon: `Night Of Prayer For America`,                                          scripture: `2ch.7.14@@2 Chronicals 7:14`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20241030`, sermon: `Night of Prayer for the 2024 Elections`,                                                                         studyGuide: `NONE`, },

  ]
}) }M


## LGBTQ

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20120205`, sermon: `The Cost of Compromise`,                           scripture: `gen.18@@Genesis 18-19`,                     },
    { id: `20150705`, sermon: `America, Will You Stand?`,                                                             studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20220727`, sermon: `Evening Special with Patti Height`,                                                    studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://outofegyptministries.org/@@Out of Egypt Ministries`, },
    { id: `20230604`, sermon: `A Biblical Response to the 'Transing' of America`, scripture: `rom.1@@Romans 1:18-28`,                     },
    { id: `20240114`, sermon: `When a Culture Excludes God`,                      scripture: `rom.1@@Rom 1:24-32`,                        },
  ]
}) }M


## Moral Decay

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: true,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20071003`, sermon: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF5bPI92-5o@@The God Delusion Debate - Richard Dawkins vs John Lennox`, studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Dawkins@@Richard Dawkins`,    },
    { id: `20121108`, sermon: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otrqzITuSqE@@Oxford Mathematician Destroys Atheism`,                    studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://www.johnlennox.org/@@John Lennox`,   },
    { id: `20230521`, sermon: `Wanted: The Brave`,                                                                                     studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://www.kirkcameron.com/@@Kirk Cameron`, },

    { id: `20240915`, sermon: `Truth or Truthiness?`,                                                                                  studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://www.moodychurch.org/staff-directory/erwin-lutzer/@@Dr. Erwin Lutzer`,     },
    { id: `20241002`, sermon: `Representing Christ In The Cultural Crisis (James Ward)`, scripture: `2co.5.20@@2 Corinthians 5:20`,    studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20241006`, sermon: `Remembering October 7th`,                                 scripture: `psa.83@@Psalm 83`,                                    },
    { id: `20241013`, sermon: `Discerning The Devil's Playbook`,                                                                       studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://ccoceancity.com/bio-matthew-maher@@Matthew Maher`, },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

Update Current Sermon Series (up to 01/29/2025)

FireWithin/CurrentEvents.md, after:

# Current Events

### At a Glance

- [Life](#life)
- [Marriage & Divorce](#marriage--divorce)
- [Election Day Sermons](#election-day-sermons)
- [LGBTQ](#lgbtq)
- [Moral Decay](#moral-decay)

## Life

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20190120`, sermon: `Sanctity of Human Life`,   scripture: `jer.18@@Jeremiah 18-19 `, },
    { id: `20210117`, sermon: `For the Love of Children`, scripture: `mat.18@@Matthew 18-19`,   },
    { id: `20220123`, sermon: `The Value of Life`,        scripture: `psa.103@@Psalm 103:2-4`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20221113`, sermon: `LIFE Principles`,                                                studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://RadianceFoundation.org/@@Ryan Bomberger`, },
    { id: `20250122`, sermon: `A Conversation with Seth Gruber and Pastor Gary Hamrick`,        studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://sethgruber.com//@@Seth Gruber` },
  ]
}) }M


## Marriage & Divorce

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20091025`, sermon: `Singleness, Marriage, Sex, and Divorce`,  scripture: `1co.7@@1 Corinthians 7`,       },
    { id: `20200830`, sermon: `Jesus on Divorce`,                        scripture: `mat.5.31-32@@Matthew 5:31-32`, },
    { id: `20230122`, sermon: `The God of Restoration`,                  scripture: `jhn.21@@John 21`,              },
    { id: `20230507`, sermon: `the-unashamed-life@@The Unashamed Life`,  scripture: `rom.1.16-17@@Romans 1:16-17`,  studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://alandlisarobertson.com/our-story@@Al Robertson`, },
    { id: `20241110`, sermon: `God's View of Singleness & Marriage`,     scripture: `1co.7@@1 Corinthians 7`,       },
    { id: `20241117`, sermon: `God's View of Divorce`,                   scripture: `1co.7@@1 Corinthians 7`,       },
  ]
}) }M


## Election Day Sermons

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20121104`, sermon: `Election Day Sermon 2012`,                                                                                       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20140622`, sermon: `Making of a King, Journey of a Christian`,                             scripture: `1sa.8@@1 Samuel 8-11`,                            },
    { id: `20161016`, sermon: `Election Day Sermon 2016`,                                             scripture: `psa.33@@Psalm 33`,            studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201018`, sermon: `Election Day Sermon 2020 (Church in America, Wake Up!)`,               scripture: `jer.6@@Jeremiah 6:16-19`,     studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201028`, sermon: `Night of Prayer for the Elections`,                                                                              studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20201101`, sermon: `Calm in the Storm: An Election Day Addendum`,                          scripture: `mat.8@@Matthew 8:23-27`,                          },
    { id: `20201108`, sermon: `Sent Out Among Wolves: A Post-Election Reminder`,                      scripture: `mat.10@@Matthew 10`,                              },

    { id: `20240908`, sermon: `Election Day Sermon 2024 (Church, Unite for the Soul of America!)`,    scripture: `ezk.33.1-5@@Ezekiel 33:1-5`,                      },
    { id: `20240911`, sermon: `Night Of Prayer For America`,                                          scripture: `2ch.7.14@@2 Chronicals 7:14`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20241030`, sermon: `Night of Prayer for the 2024 Elections`,                                                                         studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20250119`, sermon: `Donald Trump, the Church, and Israel`,                                 scripture: `psa.146@@Psalm 146`,          studyGuide: `NONE`  },
  ]
}) }M


## LGBTQ

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20120205`, sermon: `The Cost of Compromise`,                           scripture: `gen.18@@Genesis 18-19`,                     },
    { id: `20150705`, sermon: `America, Will You Stand?`,                                                             studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20220727`, sermon: `Evening Special with Patti Height`,                                                    studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://outofegyptministries.org/@@Out of Egypt Ministries`, },
    { id: `20230604`, sermon: `A Biblical Response to the 'Transing' of America`, scripture: `rom.1@@Romans 1:18-28`,                     },
    { id: `20240114`, sermon: `When a Culture Excludes God`,                      scripture: `rom.1@@Rom 1:24-32`,                        },
  ]
}) }M


## Moral Decay

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: true,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20071003`, sermon: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF5bPI92-5o@@The God Delusion Debate - Richard Dawkins vs John Lennox`, studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Dawkins@@Richard Dawkins`,    },
    { id: `20121108`, sermon: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otrqzITuSqE@@Oxford Mathematician Destroys Atheism`,                    studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://www.johnlennox.org/@@John Lennox`,   },
    { id: `20230521`, sermon: `Wanted: The Brave`,                                                                                     studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://www.kirkcameron.com/@@Kirk Cameron`, },

    { id: `20240915`, sermon: `Truth or Truthiness?`,                                                                                  studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://www.moodychurch.org/staff-directory/erwin-lutzer/@@Dr. Erwin Lutzer`,     },
    { id: `20241002`, sermon: `Representing Christ In The Cultural Crisis (James Ward)`, scripture: `2co.5.20@@2 Corinthians 5:20`,    studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20241006`, sermon: `Remembering October 7th`,                                 scripture: `psa.83@@Psalm 83`,                                    },
    { id: `20241013`, sermon: `Discerning The Devil's Playbook`,                                                                       studyGuide: `NONE`, extraLinkInScriptureCell: `https://ccoceancity.com/bio-matthew-maher@@Matthew Maher`, },
  ]
}) }M
