FireWithin/Easter.md, before:

## Easter Series

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20100404`, sermon: `Resurrection Celebration`,                                     scripture: `luk.24@@Luke 24:1-8`,       },
    { id: `20120408`, sermon: `Making Sense of Nonsense`,                                     scripture: `luk.23@@Luke 23-24`,        },
    { id: `20130331`, sermon: `What Does Easter Mean for You?`,                               scripture: `jhn.19@@John 19:38 - 20:9`, },
    { id: `20140420`, sermon: `Transformed Lives`,                                            scripture: `mat.28@@Matthew 28:1-10`,   },
    { id: `20150405`, sermon: `An Empty Tomb for Empty Lives`,                                scripture: `mat.28@@Matthew 28:1-10`,   },
    { id: `20160327`, sermon: `Raising the Dead`,                                             scripture: `mrk.16@@Mark 16:1-7`,       },
    { id: `20170416`, sermon: `The Resurrection of Jesus - Historical, Powerful, & Personal`, scripture: `jhn.19@@John 19-20`,        },
    { id: `20180401`, sermon: `A Living Hope`,                                                scripture: `mat.28@@Matthew 28:1-8`,    },
    { id: `20190421`, sermon: `Peace Be With You!`,                                           scripture: `jhn.20@@John 20:19-31`,     },
    { id: `20200412`, sermon: `Road to the Resurrection`,                                     scripture: `mat.28@@Matthew 28:1-7`,    },
    { id: `20210404`, sermon: `It is Finished`,                                                                                       },
    { id: `20220417`, sermon: `Evidence for the Head, Hope for the Heart`,                    scripture: `luk.24@@Luke 24`,           },
    { id: `20230409`, sermon: `Jesus is the cure!`,                                           scripture: `jhn.20@@John 20:26-31`,     },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

update Current Sermon Series (up to 04/27/2025) -with- Easter

FireWithin/Easter.md, after:

## Easter Series

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20100404`, sermon: `Resurrection Celebration`,                                     scripture: `luk.24@@Luke 24:1-8`,       },
    { id: `20120408`, sermon: `Making Sense of Nonsense`,                                     scripture: `luk.23@@Luke 23-24`,        },
    { id: `20130331`, sermon: `What Does Easter Mean for You?`,                               scripture: `jhn.19@@John 19:38 - 20:9`, },
    { id: `20140420`, sermon: `Transformed Lives`,                                            scripture: `mat.28@@Matthew 28:1-10`,   },
    { id: `20150405`, sermon: `An Empty Tomb for Empty Lives`,                                scripture: `mat.28@@Matthew 28:1-10`,   },
    { id: `20160327`, sermon: `Raising the Dead`,                                             scripture: `mrk.16@@Mark 16:1-7`,       },
    { id: `20170416`, sermon: `The Resurrection of Jesus - Historical, Powerful, & Personal`, scripture: `jhn.19@@John 19-20`,        },
    { id: `20180401`, sermon: `A Living Hope`,                                                scripture: `mat.28@@Matthew 28:1-8`,    },
    { id: `20190421`, sermon: `Peace Be With You!`,                                           scripture: `jhn.20@@John 20:19-31`,     },
    { id: `20200412`, sermon: `Road to the Resurrection`,                                     scripture: `mat.28@@Matthew 28:1-7`,    },
    { id: `20210404`, sermon: `It is Finished`,                                                                                       },
    { id: `20220417`, sermon: `Evidence for the Head, Hope for the Heart`,                    scripture: `luk.24@@Luke 24`,           },
    { id: `20230409`, sermon: `Jesus is the cure!`,                                           scripture: `jhn.20@@John 20:26-31`,     },

    { id: `20240331`, sermon: `Peace To You!`,                                                scripture: `luk.24@@Luke 24:36-53`,     },
    { id: `20250413`, sermon: `The Deliberate, Unusual, and Royal Arrival of Jesus Christ (Palm Sunday - David Guzik)`, 
                                                                                              scripture: `mat.21@@Matthew 21`,        },
    { id: `20250420`, sermon: `A Tale of Two Gardens`,                                        scripture: `jhn.19@@John 19-20`,        },
  ]
}) }M
