FireWithin/EndTimes.md, before:

## End Times

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

> NOTE: These are a few recent entries that have aired.  At some future
> point, I will do a more exhaustive search of the Cornerstone
> library.

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20210317`, sermon: `End Times Question and Answer (Dr. Ed Hindson)`,                                                    studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20211121`, sermon: `The Days of Warning (Jonathan Cahn)`,                        scripture: `isa.9@@Isaiah 9:10`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231004`, sermon: `A Conversation with Jonathan Cahn`,                                                                 studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231015`, sermon: `Israel, Hamas, and End Times **`,                            scripture: `ezk.38@@Ezekiel 38`,                           },
    { id: `20231129`, sermon: `A Conversation with Amir Tsarfati`,                                                                 studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20250205`, sermon: `A Conversation with Jonathan Cahn`,                                                                 studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20250209`, sermon: `China and Bible Prophecy (Joel Rosenberg)`,                  scripture: `isa.49@@Isaiah 49:12`,     studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20250709`, sermon: `Russia, Iran, and Israel: Are We Seeing Prophecy Unfold?`,   scripture: `ezk.38@@Ezekiel 38`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20251015`, sermon: `Mysteries in the Bible: The Rapture (Pastor Tyler Hamrick)`, scripture: `1co.15@@1 Corinthians 15`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

update Current Sermon Series (up to 11/19/2025)

FireWithin/EndTimes.md, after:

## End Times

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

> NOTE: These are a few recent entries that have aired.  At some future
> point, I will do a more exhaustive search of the Cornerstone
> library.

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20210317`, sermon: `End Times Question and Answer (Dr. Ed Hindson)`,                                                    studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20211121`, sermon: `The Days of Warning (Jonathan Cahn)`,                        scripture: `isa.9@@Isaiah 9:10`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231004`, sermon: `A Conversation with Jonathan Cahn`,                                                                 studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231015`, sermon: `Israel, Hamas, and End Times **`,                            scripture: `ezk.38@@Ezekiel 38`,                           },
    { id: `20231129`, sermon: `A Conversation with Amir Tsarfati`,                                                                 studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20250205`, sermon: `A Conversation with Jonathan Cahn`,                                                                 studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20250209`, sermon: `China and Bible Prophecy (Joel Rosenberg)`,                  scripture: `isa.49@@Isaiah 49:12`,     studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20250709`, sermon: `Russia, Iran, and Israel: Are We Seeing Prophecy Unfold?`,   scripture: `ezk.38@@Ezekiel 38`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20251015`, sermon: `Mysteries in the Bible: The Rapture (Pastor Tyler Hamrick)`, scripture: `1co.15@@1 Corinthians 15`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20251022`, sermon: `Mysteries in the Bible: Time of Lawlessness (Pastor Tyler Hamrick)`,  scripture: `2th.2@@2 Thessalonians 2`,    studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20251026`, sermon: `The Rise of AI and the Future of the Church (Pastor Austin Hamrick)`, scripture: `rev.13@@Revelation 13:11-18`,                     },
  ]
}) }M
