FireWithin/Ephesians.md, before:

# Ephesians

Ephesians is written to a church divided. In fact, it’s written to a
world divided. We are divided from God and each other because we are
ruled by the author of division, Satan. But Ephesians says that in
Jesus, there is no more division, there are no more walls. Jews and
Gentiles, male and female, rich and poor, can all be one through faith
in Jesus. That’s because Jesus defeated Satan, made us one with God,
and is working within us to bring unity where there was division.

### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2010 Ephesians Series (Sundays)](#2010-ephesians-series-sundays)
- [2017 Ephesians Series (Mid Week)](#2017-ephesians-series-mid-week)
- [Ephesians Misc Selection](#ephesians-misc-selection)


## Overview

**{{book.NivBible}} Ephesians Introduction**

> Traditionally named Ephesians, this letter may not actually have been
> written to the believers in Ephesus. Some of the best early copies of
> the letter don’t include the phrase in Ephesus in the greeting. While
> Paul spent two years in Ephesus, this letter appears to address people
> Paul has never met.
> 
> Paul here presents a two-fold pattern, first explaining the new
> identity believers have in Christ and then bringing out the
> implications for their new way of life. God has brought everything
> together under the rule of the Messiah, exalting Jesus above all
> things. Paul echoes a phrase from Psalm 8 — God placed all things under
> his feet — to show that Jesus is the truly human one. Jesus fulfills the
> original human calling to rule over the creation properly. Jews and
> Gentiles have been brought together into one body, with Jesus at the
> head. God is now creating one new humanity from all over the world
> through the reconciling work of the Messiah.
> 
> This means Jesus-followers must give up their former way of life and
> practice purity in daily living and integrity in their
> relationships. The reciprocal responsibilities of those in and under
> authority are used as key examples of the new kinds of relationships
> God is expecting. Paul cautions his readers that they are entering a
> spiritual battle. They must arm themselves with all the resources God
> has provided, until the Messiah brings unity to all things in heaven
> and on earth.



**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [Ephesians Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/ephesians/)
M{ zoomableImg(`Ephesians_BP`) }M

M{ youTube(`Y71r-T98E2Q`) }M


**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

M{ youTube(`oJUVc_fpA14`) }M



## 2010 Ephesians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20100221`, sermon: `Our Spiritual Blessings in Christ`, scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1-2`, },
    { id: `20100307`, sermon: `Body Building`,                     scripture: `eph.3@@Ephesians 3-4`, },
    { id: `20100314`, sermon: `Biblical Submission`,               scripture: `eph.5@@Ephesians 5-6`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2017 Ephesians Series (Mid Week)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20170726`, scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1:1-14`,    },
    { id: `20170802`, scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1:15-2:10`, },
    { id: `20170906`, scripture: `eph.2@@Ephesians 2:11-3:21`, },
    { id: `20170913`, scripture: `eph.4@@Ephesians 4:1-13`,    },
    { id: `20170920`, scripture: `eph.4@@Ephesians 4:17-32`,   },
    { id: `20170927`, scripture: `eph.5@@Ephesians 5`,         },
    { id: `20171004`, scripture: `eph.6@@Ephesians 6:1-24`,    },
  ]
}) }M


## Ephesians Misc Selection

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20210718`, sermon: `Who Are You Imitating? (Tony Clark)`,               scripture: `eph.5@@Ephesians 5`,       },
    { id: `20230806`, sermon: `What does the Holy Spirit look like? (Tony Clark)`, scripture: `eph.5@@Ephesians 5:15-33`, },
    { id: `20230823`, sermon: `The Heart of a Faithful Servant (Al Blake)`,        scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1:1-13`,  },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

update Current Sermon Series (up to 10/18/2025)

FireWithin/Ephesians.md, after:

# Ephesians

Ephesians is written to a church divided. In fact, it’s written to a
world divided. We are divided from God and each other because we are
ruled by the author of division, Satan. But Ephesians says that in
Jesus, there is no more division, there are no more walls. Jews and
Gentiles, male and female, rich and poor, can all be one through faith
in Jesus. That’s because Jesus defeated Satan, made us one with God,
and is working within us to bring unity where there was division.

### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2010 Ephesians Series (Sundays)](#2010-ephesians-series-sundays)
- [2017 Ephesians Series (Mid Week)](#2017-ephesians-series-mid-week)
- [2025 Ephesians Series (Sundays)](#2025-ephesians-series-sundays)
- [Ephesians Misc Selection](#ephesians-misc-selection)


## Overview

**{{book.NivBible}} Ephesians Introduction**

> Traditionally named Ephesians, this letter may not actually have been
> written to the believers in Ephesus. Some of the best early copies of
> the letter don’t include the phrase in Ephesus in the greeting. While
> Paul spent two years in Ephesus, this letter appears to address people
> Paul has never met.
> 
> Paul here presents a two-fold pattern, first explaining the new
> identity believers have in Christ and then bringing out the
> implications for their new way of life. God has brought everything
> together under the rule of the Messiah, exalting Jesus above all
> things. Paul echoes a phrase from Psalm 8 — God placed all things under
> his feet — to show that Jesus is the truly human one. Jesus fulfills the
> original human calling to rule over the creation properly. Jews and
> Gentiles have been brought together into one body, with Jesus at the
> head. God is now creating one new humanity from all over the world
> through the reconciling work of the Messiah.
> 
> This means Jesus-followers must give up their former way of life and
> practice purity in daily living and integrity in their
> relationships. The reciprocal responsibilities of those in and under
> authority are used as key examples of the new kinds of relationships
> God is expecting. Paul cautions his readers that they are entering a
> spiritual battle. They must arm themselves with all the resources God
> has provided, until the Messiah brings unity to all things in heaven
> and on earth.



**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [Ephesians Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/ephesians/)
M{ zoomableImg(`Ephesians_BP`) }M

M{ youTube(`Y71r-T98E2Q`) }M


**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

M{ youTube(`oJUVc_fpA14`) }M



## 2010 Ephesians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

**Note:** _As of 2025, <mark>this series has been archived</mark>
(i.e. is no longer available ), **however** the Study Guides are still
available._

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20100221`, sermon: `Our Spiritual Blessings in Christ`, scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1-2`, },
    { id: `20100307`, sermon: `Body Building`,                     scripture: `eph.3@@Ephesians 3-4`, },
    { id: `20100314`, sermon: `Biblical Submission`,               scripture: `eph.5@@Ephesians 5-6`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2017 Ephesians Series (Mid Week)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20170726`, scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1:1-14`,    },
    { id: `20170802`, scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1:15-2:10`, },
    { id: `20170906`, scripture: `eph.2@@Ephesians 2:11-3:21`, },
    { id: `20170913`, scripture: `eph.4@@Ephesians 4:1-13`,    },
    { id: `20170920`, scripture: `eph.4@@Ephesians 4:17-32`,   },
    { id: `20170927`, scripture: `eph.5@@Ephesians 5`,         },
    { id: `20171004`, scripture: `eph.6@@Ephesians 6:1-24`,    },
  ]
}) }M


## 2025 Ephesians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20251005`, sermon: `The Answer to Identity Confusion`, scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1`, },
    { id: `20251012`, sermon: `Dead or Alive?`,                   scripture: `eph.2@@Ephesians 2`, }, // ?? studyGuide: `NONE`, ... waiting for Cornerstone to activate Study Guide
  ]
}) }M


## Ephesians Misc Selection

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20210718`, sermon: `Who Are You Imitating? (Tony Clark)`,               scripture: `eph.5@@Ephesians 5`,       },
    { id: `20230806`, sermon: `What does the Holy Spirit look like? (Tony Clark)`, scripture: `eph.5@@Ephesians 5:15-33`, },
    { id: `20230823`, sermon: `The Heart of a Faithful Servant (Al Blake)`,        scripture: `eph.1@@Ephesians 1:1-13`,  },
  ]
}) }M
