FireWithin/Galatians.md, before:

# Galatians

The book of Galatians reminds Jesus’ followers to embrace the Gospel
message of the crucified Messiah, that justifies all people through
faith and empowers them to live like Jesus did.

The church in Galatia was divided over issues of Torah
observance. Many leaders were requiring non-Jewish Christians to live
by Jewish laws, missing the point of the Gospel message. Jesus
fulfilled the law and reconciled all who believe in him. When people
trust in Jesus as the Messiah, his life, death, and resurrection
become theirs. They are new creations, free from the laws and the old
covenant.

Galatians addresses the sensitive and complex issue of the role Old
Testament Law plays in salvation, specifically regarding
circumcision. Paul's main goal in his letter to the Galatians is to
defend salvation by faith in Jesus, not by works of the Law. But in
order to follow his argument and understand the good news he is
sharing, we must grasp the true purpose of circumcision.

This sign was given to point to Abraham's future descendent who would
be a blessing to all nations. That sign was fulfilled in
Jesus. Therefore, faith in Jesus is the fulfillment of the command to
be circumcised. As you meditate on this truth, along with its wider
implications, we pray that the free and finished gift of the Gospel
becomes more and more beautiful to you.


### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2010 Galatians Series (Sundays)](#2010-galatians-series-sundays)
- [2017 Galatians Series (Mid Week)](#2017-galatians-series-mid-week)
- [2025 Galatians Series (Sundays)](#2025-galatians-series-sundays)


## Overview


**{{book.NivBible}} Galatians Introduction**

> Galatia was a Roman province in central Asia Minor. Paul traveled here
> on each of the three journeys he made to spread the message about
> Jesus. The Galatians received both Paul and his gospel announcement
> warmly. But later some people Paul calls agitators came and challenged
> Paul’s leadership as well as the foundation of his teaching. So Paul
> wrote to answer the threat to his status as an apostle and to reaffirm
> the core message that faith in the Messiah is the basis of membership
> in God’s new community.
> 
> Paul doesn’t open his letter by appealing to the apostles in
> Jerusalem. Instead, he insists that the gospel I preached is not of
> human origin … rather, I received it by revelation from Jesus
> Christ.  Paul is compelled to share this revelation, and he notes that
> the other apostles support him.
> 
> Paul then proceeds to his main argument, which is that Gentiles who
> have become followers of Jesus do not need to be circumcised. The new
> worldwide family which had been promised to Abraham is created by
> faith in Messiah Jesus, not by keeping the Jewish law (Torah). The
> biblical story had been pointing to this all along.
> 
> But if following Torah is not the basis of the gospel, won’t there be
> anarchy? Paul answers by describing what Spirit-empowered life looks
> like in the community of Messiah-followers. Paul closes by emphasizing
> the main theme of his letter once more: Neither circumcision nor
> uncircumcision means anything; what counts is the new creation.


**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [Galatians Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/galatians/)
M{ zoomableImg(`Galatians_BP`) }M
M{ youTube(`vmx4UjRFp0M`) }M


**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

M{ youTube(`SnBQG07x0ow`) }M



## 2010 Galatians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

**Note:** _As of 2025, <mark>this series has been archived</mark>
(i.e. is no longer available ), **however** the Study Guides are still
available._

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20100131`, sermon: `Jesus Only`,        scripture: `gal.1@@Galatians 1-3`, },
    { id: `20100214`, sermon: `The Battle Within`, scripture: `gal.4@@Galatians 4-6`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2017 Galatians Series (Mid Week)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20170621`, scripture: `gal.1@@Galatians 1`,         },
    { id: `20170628`, scripture: `gal.2@@Galatians 2`,         },
    { id: `20170705`, scripture: `gal.3@@Galatians 3`,         },
    { id: `20170712`, scripture: `gal.4@@Galatians 4-5:13`,    },
    { id: `20170719`, scripture: `gal.5@@Galatians 5:13-6:18`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2025 Galatians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20250817`, sermon: `Jesus Plus Anything Ruins Everything`, scripture: `gal.1@@Galatians 1`,  },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

update Current Sermon Series (up to 10/18/2025)

FireWithin/Galatians.md, after:

# Galatians

The book of Galatians reminds Jesus’ followers to embrace the Gospel
message of the crucified Messiah, that justifies all people through
faith and empowers them to live like Jesus did.

The church in Galatia was divided over issues of Torah
observance. Many leaders were requiring non-Jewish Christians to live
by Jewish laws, missing the point of the Gospel message. Jesus
fulfilled the law and reconciled all who believe in him. When people
trust in Jesus as the Messiah, his life, death, and resurrection
become theirs. They are new creations, free from the laws and the old
covenant.

Galatians addresses the sensitive and complex issue of the role Old
Testament Law plays in salvation, specifically regarding
circumcision. Paul's main goal in his letter to the Galatians is to
defend salvation by faith in Jesus, not by works of the Law. But in
order to follow his argument and understand the good news he is
sharing, we must grasp the true purpose of circumcision.

This sign was given to point to Abraham's future descendent who would
be a blessing to all nations. That sign was fulfilled in
Jesus. Therefore, faith in Jesus is the fulfillment of the command to
be circumcised. As you meditate on this truth, along with its wider
implications, we pray that the free and finished gift of the Gospel
becomes more and more beautiful to you.


### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2010 Galatians Series (Sundays)](#2010-galatians-series-sundays)
- [2017 Galatians Series (Mid Week)](#2017-galatians-series-mid-week)
- [2025 Galatians Series (Sundays)](#2025-galatians-series-sundays)


## Overview


**{{book.NivBible}} Galatians Introduction**

> Galatia was a Roman province in central Asia Minor. Paul traveled here
> on each of the three journeys he made to spread the message about
> Jesus. The Galatians received both Paul and his gospel announcement
> warmly. But later some people Paul calls agitators came and challenged
> Paul’s leadership as well as the foundation of his teaching. So Paul
> wrote to answer the threat to his status as an apostle and to reaffirm
> the core message that faith in the Messiah is the basis of membership
> in God’s new community.
> 
> Paul doesn’t open his letter by appealing to the apostles in
> Jerusalem. Instead, he insists that the gospel I preached is not of
> human origin … rather, I received it by revelation from Jesus
> Christ.  Paul is compelled to share this revelation, and he notes that
> the other apostles support him.
> 
> Paul then proceeds to his main argument, which is that Gentiles who
> have become followers of Jesus do not need to be circumcised. The new
> worldwide family which had been promised to Abraham is created by
> faith in Messiah Jesus, not by keeping the Jewish law (Torah). The
> biblical story had been pointing to this all along.
> 
> But if following Torah is not the basis of the gospel, won’t there be
> anarchy? Paul answers by describing what Spirit-empowered life looks
> like in the community of Messiah-followers. Paul closes by emphasizing
> the main theme of his letter once more: Neither circumcision nor
> uncircumcision means anything; what counts is the new creation.


**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [Galatians Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/galatians/)
M{ zoomableImg(`Galatians_BP`) }M
M{ youTube(`vmx4UjRFp0M`) }M


**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

M{ youTube(`SnBQG07x0ow`) }M



## 2010 Galatians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

**Note:** _As of 2025, <mark>this series has been archived</mark>
(i.e. is no longer available ), **however** the Study Guides are still
available._

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20100131`, sermon: `Jesus Only`,        scripture: `gal.1@@Galatians 1-3`, },
    { id: `20100214`, sermon: `The Battle Within`, scripture: `gal.4@@Galatians 4-6`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2017 Galatians Series (Mid Week)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  settings: {
    includeStudyGuide: false,
  },
  entries: [
    { id: `20170621`, scripture: `gal.1@@Galatians 1`,         },
    { id: `20170628`, scripture: `gal.2@@Galatians 2`,         },
    { id: `20170705`, scripture: `gal.3@@Galatians 3`,         },
    { id: `20170712`, scripture: `gal.4@@Galatians 4-5:13`,    },
    { id: `20170719`, scripture: `gal.5@@Galatians 5:13-6:18`, },
  ]
}) }M


## 2025 Galatians Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20250817`, sermon: `Jesus Plus Anything Ruins Everything`, scripture: `gal.1@@Galatians 1`,  },
    { id: `20250824`, sermon: `Overcoming "Quiet Christianity"`,      scripture: `gal.2@@Galatians 2`,    },
    { id: `20250831`, sermon: `Reverse of the Curse`,                 scripture: `gal.3@@Galatians 3`,    },
    { id: `20250907`, sermon: `One in Christ`,                        scripture: `gal.3@@Galatians 3`,    },
    { id: `20250914`, sermon: `When Truth Draws Enemies`,             scripture: `gal.4@@Galatians 4:16`, },
    { id: `20250921`, sermon: `The Battle of the Flesh and Spirit`,   scripture: `gal.5@@Galatians 5`,    },
    { id: `20250928`, sermon: `You Reap What You Sow`,                scripture: `gal.6@@Galatians 6`,    },
  ]
}) }M
