FireWithin/intro.md, before:

# Fire Within

<img class="diagram"
     src="FireWithinLogo2.jpg"
     alt="Fire Within"
     width="150px"
     align="right"> <!-- NOTE: align allows text to flow around image :-) -->

Welcome to my _**"Fire Within"**_ Bible Study Guide!

You may have guessed that I am a believer and follower of Jesus Christ
_(i.e. a Christian)_.  The short version of my faith is I accepted
Christ at an early age, and was active in my Church for many years.
However I felt something lacking in my faith.  I actually fell away
from God much later in life, and through a series of _(what I believe
were miraculous events)_, God called me back into His fold.  Through
the empowerment of the Holy Spirit, I now have a passion to be in His
word daily, allowing it to guide my life and decisions.

I share more about my Christian faith in the {{book.MyFaith}} section.

## Technology

Technology has radically changed the vast amount of resources that are
instantly available to us all ... _even as believers_!

You can install the [You Version](https://www.bible.com/) Bible App
_(on your phone)_ which contains the entire Bible _(any version)_
... **held right in the palm of your hand**!  From this you can read
the scriptures, or stream an audible reading of God's word during your
commute or work-out.

In addition you can find an abundance of Bible study resources on the
internet.  <mark>The problem is</mark> they are somewhat disjointed
and difficult to organize and keep track of _(in the context of a
Bible study)_.

As a result I created this site.  It is merely an accumulation of
resource links that guide me through the books of the Bible.  Because
they are concisely organized, it helps in keeping track of where you
are in your study.


## How I Study

Everyone is going to have their own preference on how they study the
Bible.  In my case, I have found that it helps me to supplement the
reading of Gods word with a sermon series from a trusted evangelical
pastor.  It simply adds more background and insight that makes the
scriptures come alive.  _This of course this is <mark>in addition to
prayer</mark> - *asking the Holy Spirit for discernment and
guidance*_.

When I study a book of the Bible, I follow this pattern:

1. I like a high-level orientation to the book.  What is the
   background?  Who are the main characters.  Why was the book
   written and what is it's major theme and emphasis?

2. In some cases, I may audibly stream the entire book at a time.
   _I am a slow reader, so streaming is a good option for me._

3. For the actual study, I will read _(or audibly stream)_ a few
   chapters at a time.

4. I then supplement what I have read with the sermon series that I
   mentioned above.

5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 through the completion of the book :-)

## Resources

Regarding the _trusted set of resources_ found on this site, I am
promoting the following:

1. For the high-level orientation of each book, I offer two resources:
   {{book.BibleProject}}, and {{book.SpokenGospel}}.  You are free to
   use both of these, or simply choose the one that you prefer.  The
   first is a presentation style, where the second is more of a
   contemporary video series.

2. Regarding the main resource containing the sermon series on each
   book, I am using {{book.CornerstoneChapel}} _(with Pastor Gary
   Hamrick)_.  This is a non denominational evangelical church in
   Leesburg, VA. I have grown to love the ministry of Pastor Gary.  He
   provides so much insight to the scriptures, making them simply come
   alive _(somewhat akin to watching [The
   Chosen](https://watch.angelstudios.com/thechosen) series on the
   life of Christ )_.

I am so grateful for these biblical resources, and the men and women
of God that have made them possible.


## God Bless You

I pray that you find these resources useful in your personal Bible
Study.  May God bless you in your walk with Christ!

_In Him,_
<br/>**&lt;/Kevin&gt;**
<br/><span id="inquire"></span>
<script>
  fw.addInquire('Fire%20Within%20Feedback');
</script>

<mark>**P.S.**:</mark> To get the most out of this site, I recommend
taking a peek at the {{book.GettingStarted}} section!

Commit message:

Minor adjustments to My Faith page

FireWithin/intro.md, after:

# Fire Within

<img class="diagram"
     src="FireWithinLogo2.jpg"
     alt="Fire Within"
     width="150px"
     align="right"> <!-- NOTE: align allows text to flow around image :-) -->

Welcome to my _**"Fire Within"**_ Bible Study Guide!

As you may have already guessed, I am a believer and follower of Jesus
Christ _(i.e. a Christian)_.  The short version of my faith is I
accepted Christ at an early age, and was active in my Church for many
years.  However I felt something lacking in my faith.  I actually fell
away from God much later in life, and through a series of _(what I
believe were miraculous events)_, God called me back into His fold.
With the help of the Holy Spirit, I now have a passion to be in His
word daily, allowing it to guide my life and decisions.

I share more about my Christian faith in the {{book.MyFaith}} page.

## Technology

Technology has radically changed the vast amount of resources that are
instantly available to us all ... _even as believers_!

You can install the [You Version](https://www.bible.com/) Bible App
_(on your phone)_ which contains the entire Bible _(any version)_
... **held right in the palm of your hand**!  From this you can read
the scriptures, or stream an audible reading of God's word during your
commute or work-out.

In addition you can find an abundance of Bible study resources on the
internet.  <mark>The problem is</mark> they are somewhat disjointed
and difficult to organize and keep track of _(in the context of a
Bible study)_.

As a result I created this site.  It is merely an accumulation of
resource links that guide me through the books of the Bible.  I have
attempted to organize them in a concise list, so as to help keep track
of where I am in my study.

## How I Study

Everyone is going to have their own preference on how they study the
Bible.  In my case, I have found that it helps me to supplement the
reading of Gods word with a sermon series from a trusted evangelical
pastor.  It simply adds more background and insight that makes the
scriptures come alive.  _This of course this is <mark>in addition to
prayer</mark> - *asking the Holy Spirit for discernment and
guidance*_.

When I study a book of the Bible, I follow this pattern:

1. I like a high-level orientation to the book.  What is the
   background?  Who are the main characters.  Why was the book
   written and what is it's major theme and emphasis?

2. In some cases, I may audibly stream the entire book at a time.
   _I am a slow reader, so streaming is a good option for me._

3. For the actual study, I will read _(or audibly stream)_ a few
   chapters at a time.

4. I then supplement what I have read with the sermon series that I
   mentioned above.

5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 through the completion of the book :-)

## Resources

Regarding the _trusted set of resources_ found on this site, I am
promoting the following:

1. For the high-level orientation of each book, I offer two resources:
   {{book.BibleProject}}, and {{book.SpokenGospel}}.  You are free to
   use both of these, or simply choose the one that you prefer.  The
   first is a presentation style, where the second is more of a
   contemporary video series.

2. Regarding the main resource containing the sermon series on each
   book, I am using {{book.CornerstoneChapel}} _(with Pastor Gary
   Hamrick)_.  This is a non denominational evangelical church in
   Leesburg, VA. I have grown to love the ministry of Pastor Gary.  He
   provides so much insight to the scriptures, making them simply come
   alive.
   <!-- 
     _(somewhat akin to watching [The Chosen](https://thechosen.tv) series
     on thelife of Christ )_.
    -->

I am so grateful for these biblical resources, and the men and women
of God that have made them possible.


## God Bless You

I pray that you find these resources useful in your personal Bible
Study.  May God bless you in your walk with Christ!

_In Him,_
<br/>**&lt;/Kevin&gt;**
<br/><span id="inquire"></span>
<script>
  fw.addInquire('Fire%20Within%20Feedback');
</script>

<mark>**P.S.**:</mark> To get the most out of this site, I recommend
taking a peek at the {{book.GettingStarted}} section!
