# Fire Within

AI: ?? Very Rough Draft (needs a lot of work)

Speaking of a "Fire Within", I thought this would be a good
opportunity to share a little bit about my faith in Christ.

## What does it mean to be a Christian?

I suspect that many people have a misconception of what it means to be
a Christian.  They look at it is a process of "pulling yourself up by
your bootstraps" ... to live a good enough life to be accepted into
Heaven by God.  I can appreciate this concept because it is what all
other religions strive for.

## God is Holy

The truth of the matter is nothing could be further from the truth.
It is not possible for us to work our way into heaven with our "good
works".  The Bible tells us that our righteousness is as filthy rags
before God (?? scripture ref).  In reality, there is a deep chasm
between us and the Holy God.  It is difficult to even comprehend how
Holy our God is.  What separates us from God is our sinful nature, and
there is nothing we can do, in and of ourselves, to bridge that gap.

## In the Beginning

It wasn't always this way.  When God created mankind, we had a pure
relationship with God (in Adam and Eve).  However, God gave us free
will, and Adam and Eve chose to disobey God (and so by inference -
us).  ??reword: Hence ushered in the severing of our relationship with
God.  From that very moment in time, God formulated a plan to bring us
back into the fold.

## Am I good enough?

You might be saying, well I'm a pretty good person ... I look out for
others ... I'm not a cheat or a thief ?? expand.  Those are all good
things, but it doesn't come close to the standard of a Holy God.
Jesus tells us that even what a man thinks in his heart can be sinful
(??  reference).

## The Gospel

God requires a sacrifice for the atonement of our sins.  This is what
the Old Testament sacrificial system was _(a temporary one, as it had
to be repeated)_.  In reality, this was just a picture (or a
foretelling) of the ultimate sacrifice (a permanent one) ... that is
of Jesus Christ.  Jesus, who is part of the triune God head (Father,
Son, and Holy Ghost), who always existed, humbled himself and came to
earth through a miraculous virgin birth.  He was both God and man.  He
lived a sinless perfect life.  His ministry modeled the true
relationship we can have with God.  He was sacrificed on a cross (the
most brutal and shameful death imaginable), as a permanent atonement
for our sins.  He rose from the dead (the first of many saints), and
ascended into heaven, where he prepares a place for his followers.

Salvation is a free gift of God, offered to all who simply ask.  The
truth of the matter is Christianity is less about religion, and more
about a personal relationship with God.  If you want to become a
Christian, you must fervently believe in the redemptive work of the
Lord Jesus, and ask him to come into and change your life.  You can
pray this simple prayer: ??


## My Faith

In my case, I made this profession of faith as a young boy, during a
revival of my parents church.

I was active in my church, trying to live a life that honored God.  I
continued that process into my adult days, raising my family and
continuing to be active in my church.

However, it seemed like I was missing something.  I would see other
Christians that were "on fire" for the Lord.  I didn't have the
passion to be in God's Word, and my prayer life was non-existent.  It
seemed like I was merely going through the motions.

When my kids were grown, we actually fell away from the church _(for
almost 15 years)_.  I felt even more distant from God.

## A Renewed Faith

It was in 2020 when God started working in my heart.  ??Y/N: The things in
this world seemed to be completely upside down ... pointing to an ever
increasing sinful nature _(just as predicted in the end times)_.

God laid on my heart that the difference between my past Christian
Life and the Christians I perceived to be "On Fire" for the Lord, was the
empowering of the Holy Spirit.  This world is complicated and it is
not something we can't navigate on our own.  We need help.

I believe there are two distinct aspects of the Holy Spirit in a
believer's life:

1. The Indwelling of the Holy Spirit.  This happens at the moment of
   salvation, and is a one-time occurrence.

2. Empowering of the Holy Spirit (or Baptism of the Spirit).  This is
   when the Holy Spirit comes upon a person in power.  

   This is separate and distinct from salvation, and can occur multiple
   times in a believer's life.  There are examples in scripture where
   a group of believers are empowered by the Holy Spirit multiple
   times.  This is something that was missing in my faith, and it is
   crucial in providing the guidance to navigate life's every day
   twists and turns _(overcoming temptation and sin)_.

   How does this happen, you might be wondering?  It's not difficult
   at all.  It happens by simply asking God, and believing by faith.

When I fervently asked the Holy Spirit to empower me and assist me in
my daily life, it was truly a miracle.

- The past sins in my life were diminished.  This was not an
  insignificant thing ... my desire for long standing addictions were
  simply removed ... Praise God!

- For the first time I had a passion to be in God's word, soaking up
  everything He has for me through his word.  This is manifest in this
  Bible Study blog.

- My prayer life is improving, but still needs work _(please pray for
  me in this regard)_.

- I have for the first time, a desire to share my faith with others.
  If you think about it, this is the most crucial aspect of a
  Christian's life _(and part of the Lord Jesus' Great Commission)_
  ... sharing the Good News to a lost world.

I'm certainly not perfect.  I have and will have a long way to go in
solidifying my relationship with God.  But this is certainly a step in
the right direction.

May God bless you in your walk with Christ.

**&lt;/Kevin&gt;**
