FireWithin/Psalms.md, before:

# Psalms

The Psalms are songs for a people waiting in exile. They spring from
Israel's history, when people like King David wrote inspired songs
giving thanks, repenting of sin, affirming God's promises, or asking
for help. The Psalms have been a source of hope, a guide for honest
prayer, and a treasury of prophetic promises for God's people
throughout generations. Now, Jesus has fulfilled these Psalms and
given them to his church, providing us with songs to sing while we
wait in this earthly exile for his return.

### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2016-2017 Psalms Series (Sundays)](#2016-2017-psalms-series-sundays)
- [Psalms Misc Selection](#psalms-misc-selection)


## Overview

**{{book.NivBible}} Psalms Introduction**

> The book of Psalms is a collection of song lyrics. Like many songs,
> they were first written in response to events in the lives of their
> authors. Later, the whole community used them in worship. When Israel
> returned from exile in Babylon many of the songs from over the
> centuries were collected in the book of Psalms.
> 
> The book is structured into five parts marked off by the phrase,
> Praise be to the Lord… Amen and Amen!These five “books” remind the
> reader of the five books of Moses. Like the law, these song lyrics can
> be read and studied for instruction. Psalm 1 emphasizes such
> meditation and seems to have been placed first to make this point.
> 
> The five books also tell a three-part story of Israel’s redemption:
> monarchy, exile and return. The psalms of King David dominate books
> one and two. The beginning and ending of book three highlight Israel’s
> exile. The fourth book ends with a plea that God bring the exiled
> people home. The fifth book declares that God has done just that. Now
> the reason for the group of praise psalms at the end of the book is
> apparent: God has been faithful, judging Israel in exile but then
> bringing the nation home again.
> 
> The book of Psalms thus operates at two levels: individually the songs
> explore a wide variety of honest spiritual responses to God, while the
> overall collection tells, and celebrates, the work of God in history
> to save his people.



**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [Psalms Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/psalms/)

M{ zoomableImg(`Psalms_BP`) }M

M{ youTube(`j9phNEaPrv8`) }M


**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

M{ youTube(`L6NSw20AkJQ`) }M




## 2016-2017 Psalms Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20161127`, sermon: `God's Recipe for a Blessed Life`,                     scripture: `psa.1@@Psalms 1`,              },
    { id: `20161204`, sermon: `A Majestic God Cares About You`,                      scripture: `psa.2@@Psalms 2-8`,            },
    { id: `20161211`, sermon: `Showing Reverence for God`,                           scripture: `psa.9@@Psalms 9-15`,           },
    { id: `20161218`, sermon: `The Path of Life`,                                    scripture: `psa.16@@Psalms 16`,            },
    { id: `20170115`, sermon: `Trusting God`,                                        scripture: `psa.17@@Psalms 17-22`,         },
    { id: `20170122`, sermon: `The Song of a Shepherd - Part 1/3`,                   scripture: `psa.23@@Psalms 23:1-2`,        },
    { id: `20170129`, sermon: `The Song of a Shepherd - Part 2/3`,                   scripture: `psa.23@@Psalms 23:3-4`,        },
    { id: `20170205`, sermon: `The Song of a Shepherd - Part 3/3`,                   scripture: `psa.23@@Psalms 23:5-6`,        },
    { id: `20170212`, sermon: `The Discipline of Waiting`,                           scripture: `psa.24@@Psalms 24-27`,         },
    { id: `20170219`, sermon: `The Heart of Confession`,                             scripture: `psa.28@@Psalms 28-32`,         },
    { id: `20170226`, sermon: `God's Mercy for our Mess`,                            scripture: `psa.33@@Psalms 33-38`,         },
    { id: `20170305`, sermon: `The Frailty and Brevity of Life`,                     scripture: `psa.39@@Psalms 39`,            },
    { id: `20170312`, sermon: `Hurt and Betrayed`,                                   scripture: `psa.40@@Psalms 40-41`,         },
    { id: `20170319`, sermon: `Hope for the Downcast`,                               scripture: `psa.42@@Psalms 42-50`,         },
    { id: `20170326`, sermon: `The Sin Solution`,                                    scripture: `psa.51@@Psalms 51-65`,         },
    { id: `20170402`, sermon: `The Refiner's Fire`,                                  scripture: `psa.66@@Psalms 66-72`,         },
    { id: `20170423`, sermon: `When Life Seems Unfair`,                              scripture: `psa.73@@Psalms 73-77`,         },
    { id: `20170430`, sermon: `When Life is Good, Don't Forget God`,                 scripture: `psa.78@@Psalms 78-83`,         },
    { id: `20170507`, sermon: `Journey through the Valley`,                          scripture: `psa.84@@Psalms 84-90`,         },
    { id: `20170514`, sermon: `Angels on Assignment`,                                scripture: `psa.91@@Psalms 91-100`,        },
    { id: `20170604`, sermon: `A Blameless Life`,                                    scripture: `psa.101@@Psalms 101-105`,      },
    { id: `20170611`, sermon: `God's Faithfulness, Our Forgetfulness`,               scripture: `psa.106@@Psalms 106`,          },
    { id: `20170618`, sermon: `The Goodness & Love of God`,                          scripture: `psa.107@@Psalms 107`,          },
    { id: `20170625`, sermon: `Jesus the King, Priest, and Judge`,                   scripture: `psa.110@@Psalms 110-118`,      },
    { id: `20170702`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 1/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119 INTRO`,    },
    { id: `20170709`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 2/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:1-32`,     },
    { id: `20170723`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 3/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:33-64`,    },
    { id: `20170730`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 4/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:65-88`,    },
    { id: `20170806`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 5/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:89-112`,   },
    { id: `20170827`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 6/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:113-144`,  },
    { id: `20170903`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 7/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:145-176`,  },
    { id: `20170910`, sermon: `Pilgrim's Progress - Part 1/4`,                       scripture: `psa.120@@Psalms 120-123`,      },
    { id: `20170924`, sermon: `Pilgrim's Progress - Part 2/4`,                       scripture: `psa.124@@Psalms 124-127`,      },
    { id: `20171001`, sermon: `Pilgrim's Progress - Part 3/4`,                       scripture: `psa.128@@Psalms 128-130`,      },
    { id: `20171008`, sermon: `Pilgrim's Progress - Part 4/4`,                       scripture: `psa.131@@Psalms 131-138`,      },
    { id: `20171029`, sermon: `The Divine Attributes of a Personal God`,             scripture: `psa.139@@Psalms 139`,          },
    { id: `20171105`, sermon: `Ways to Praise`,                                      scripture: `psa.140@@Psalms 140-150`,      },
  ]
}) }M


## Psalms Misc Selection

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20220123`, sermon: `The Value of Life`,                               scripture: `psa.103@@Psalms 103:2-4`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20220703`, sermon: `America’s Godly Heritage`,                        scripture: `psa.33@@Psalms 33`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20220724`,                                                            scripture: `psa.33@@Psalms 33:12`,    studyGuide: `NONE`, sermon: `https://cornerstonechapel.net/teaching/blessed-in-the-nation-whose-god-is-the-lord/@@Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord (Jim Garlow)`, },
    { id: `20220914`, sermon: `God - The Holy Spirit (Tyler Hamrick)`,           scripture: `psa.139@@Psalms 139`,     studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20230702`, sermon: `Faith and Freedom`,                               scripture: `psa.33@@Psalms 33`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231022`, sermon: `Entering The World Of The Unknown (Mike Minter)`, scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119`,     studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231119`, sermon: `Hide & Go Seek (Austin Hamrick)`,                 scripture: `psa.91@@Psalms 91`,                           },
  ]
}) }M

Commit message:

update Current Sermon Series (up to 06/22/2025)

FireWithin/Psalms.md, after:

# Psalms

The Psalms are songs for a people waiting in exile. They spring from
Israel's history, when people like King David wrote inspired songs
giving thanks, repenting of sin, affirming God's promises, or asking
for help. The Psalms have been a source of hope, a guide for honest
prayer, and a treasury of prophetic promises for God's people
throughout generations. Now, Jesus has fulfilled these Psalms and
given them to his church, providing us with songs to sing while we
wait in this earthly exile for his return.

### At a Glance

- [Overview](#overview)
- [2016-2017 Psalms Series (Sundays)](#2016-2017-psalms-series-sundays)
- [Psalms Misc Selection](#psalms-misc-selection)


## Overview

**{{book.NivBible}} Psalms Introduction**

> The book of Psalms is a collection of song lyrics. Like many songs,
> they were first written in response to events in the lives of their
> authors. Later, the whole community used them in worship. When Israel
> returned from exile in Babylon many of the songs from over the
> centuries were collected in the book of Psalms.
> 
> The book is structured into five parts marked off by the phrase,
> Praise be to the Lord… Amen and Amen!These five “books” remind the
> reader of the five books of Moses. Like the law, these song lyrics can
> be read and studied for instruction. Psalm 1 emphasizes such
> meditation and seems to have been placed first to make this point.
> 
> The five books also tell a three-part story of Israel’s redemption:
> monarchy, exile and return. The psalms of King David dominate books
> one and two. The beginning and ending of book three highlight Israel’s
> exile. The fourth book ends with a plea that God bring the exiled
> people home. The fifth book declares that God has done just that. Now
> the reason for the group of praise psalms at the end of the book is
> apparent: God has been faithful, judging Israel in exile but then
> bringing the nation home again.
> 
> The book of Psalms thus operates at two levels: individually the songs
> explore a wide variety of honest spiritual responses to God, while the
> overall collection tells, and celebrates, the work of God in history
> to save his people.



**{{book.BibleProject}}**

> [Psalms Introduction](https://bibleproject.com/explore/video/psalms/)

M{ zoomableImg(`Psalms_BP`) }M

M{ youTube(`j9phNEaPrv8`) }M


**{{book.SpokenGospel}}**

M{ youTube(`L6NSw20AkJQ`) }M




## 2016-2017 Psalms Series (Sundays)

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20161127`, sermon: `God's Recipe for a Blessed Life`,                     scripture: `psa.1@@Psalms 1`,              },
    { id: `20161204`, sermon: `A Majestic God Cares About You`,                      scripture: `psa.2@@Psalms 2-8`,            },
    { id: `20161211`, sermon: `Showing Reverence for God`,                           scripture: `psa.9@@Psalms 9-15`,           },
    { id: `20161218`, sermon: `The Path of Life`,                                    scripture: `psa.16@@Psalms 16`,            },
    { id: `20170115`, sermon: `Trusting God`,                                        scripture: `psa.17@@Psalms 17-22`,         },
    { id: `20170122`, sermon: `The Song of a Shepherd - Part 1/3`,                   scripture: `psa.23@@Psalms 23:1-2`,        },
    { id: `20170129`, sermon: `The Song of a Shepherd - Part 2/3`,                   scripture: `psa.23@@Psalms 23:3-4`,        },
    { id: `20170205`, sermon: `The Song of a Shepherd - Part 3/3`,                   scripture: `psa.23@@Psalms 23:5-6`,        },
    { id: `20170212`, sermon: `The Discipline of Waiting`,                           scripture: `psa.24@@Psalms 24-27`,         },
    { id: `20170219`, sermon: `The Heart of Confession`,                             scripture: `psa.28@@Psalms 28-32`,         },
    { id: `20170226`, sermon: `God's Mercy for our Mess`,                            scripture: `psa.33@@Psalms 33-38`,         },
    { id: `20170305`, sermon: `The Frailty and Brevity of Life`,                     scripture: `psa.39@@Psalms 39`,            },
    { id: `20170312`, sermon: `Hurt and Betrayed`,                                   scripture: `psa.40@@Psalms 40-41`,         },
    { id: `20170319`, sermon: `Hope for the Downcast`,                               scripture: `psa.42@@Psalms 42-50`,         },
    { id: `20170326`, sermon: `The Sin Solution`,                                    scripture: `psa.51@@Psalms 51-65`,         },
    { id: `20170402`, sermon: `The Refiner's Fire`,                                  scripture: `psa.66@@Psalms 66-72`,         },
    { id: `20170423`, sermon: `When Life Seems Unfair`,                              scripture: `psa.73@@Psalms 73-77`,         },
    { id: `20170430`, sermon: `When Life is Good, Don't Forget God`,                 scripture: `psa.78@@Psalms 78-83`,         },
    { id: `20170507`, sermon: `Journey through the Valley`,                          scripture: `psa.84@@Psalms 84-90`,         },
    { id: `20170514`, sermon: `Angels on Assignment`,                                scripture: `psa.91@@Psalms 91-100`,        },
    { id: `20170604`, sermon: `A Blameless Life`,                                    scripture: `psa.101@@Psalms 101-105`,      },
    { id: `20170611`, sermon: `God's Faithfulness, Our Forgetfulness`,               scripture: `psa.106@@Psalms 106`,          },
    { id: `20170618`, sermon: `The Goodness & Love of God`,                          scripture: `psa.107@@Psalms 107`,          },
    { id: `20170625`, sermon: `Jesus the King, Priest, and Judge`,                   scripture: `psa.110@@Psalms 110-118`,      },
    { id: `20170702`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 1/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119 INTRO`,    },
    { id: `20170709`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 2/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:1-32`,     },
    { id: `20170723`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 3/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:33-64`,    },
    { id: `20170730`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 4/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:65-88`,    },
    { id: `20170806`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 5/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:89-112`,   },
    { id: `20170827`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 6/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:113-144`,  },
    { id: `20170903`, sermon: `The Blessings and Benefits of the Bible - Part 7/7`,  scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119:145-176`,  },
    { id: `20170910`, sermon: `Pilgrim's Progress - Part 1/4`,                       scripture: `psa.120@@Psalms 120-123`,      },
    { id: `20170924`, sermon: `Pilgrim's Progress - Part 2/4`,                       scripture: `psa.124@@Psalms 124-127`,      },
    { id: `20171001`, sermon: `Pilgrim's Progress - Part 3/4`,                       scripture: `psa.128@@Psalms 128-130`,      },
    { id: `20171008`, sermon: `Pilgrim's Progress - Part 4/4`,                       scripture: `psa.131@@Psalms 131-138`,      },
    { id: `20171029`, sermon: `The Divine Attributes of a Personal God`,             scripture: `psa.139@@Psalms 139`,          },
    { id: `20171105`, sermon: `Ways to Praise`,                                      scripture: `psa.140@@Psalms 140-150`,      },
  ]
}) }M


## Psalms Misc Selection

{{book.CornerstoneChapel}}

M{ sermonSeries({
  entries: [
    { id: `20220123`, sermon: `The Value of Life`,                               scripture: `psa.103@@Psalms 103:2-4`, studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20220703`, sermon: `America’s Godly Heritage`,                        scripture: `psa.33@@Psalms 33`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20220724`,                                                            scripture: `psa.33@@Psalms 33:12`,    studyGuide: `NONE`, sermon: `https://cornerstonechapel.net/teaching/blessed-in-the-nation-whose-god-is-the-lord/@@Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord (Jim Garlow)`, },
    { id: `20220914`, sermon: `God - The Holy Spirit (Tyler Hamrick)`,           scripture: `psa.139@@Psalms 139`,     studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20230702`, sermon: `Faith and Freedom`,                               scripture: `psa.33@@Psalms 33`,       studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231022`, sermon: `Entering The World Of The Unknown (Mike Minter)`, scripture: `psa.119@@Psalms 119`,     studyGuide: `NONE`, },
    { id: `20231119`, sermon: `Hide & Go Seek (Austin Hamrick)`,                 scripture: `psa.91@@Psalms 91`,                           },
    { id: `20250622`, sermon: `When in Times of Trouble (Austin Hamrick)`,       scripture: `psa.27@@Psalm 27`,                            },
  ]
}) }M
